Add a note on the daily public standup (#2587)
jetstack/cert-manager: README.md

Anybody can join the group by visiting [here](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/cert-manager-dev)
and clicking "Join Group". A Google account is required to join the group.

### Bi-weekly development meeting
Once you have become a member, you should receive an invite to the bi-weekly development

> meeting, hosted on **Wednesdays at 4pm UTC** on Zoom.us.

Reviewer: I think we also recently agreed to pin this to "5pm UK time" because it kept moving and confusing us. Happy to look at adjusting it (as I know that's late for you!) but let's put the 'current state of affairs' here and we can amend from there 😄

Thanks for making these updates! This is an often neglected file 😬

Anyone is welcome to join these calls, even if just to ask questions.  
Meeting notes are recorded in [Google docs](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Tc5t6ylY9dhXAan1OjOoldeaoys1Yh4Ir710ATfBa5U).

### Daily standups

> You are also welcome to join our daily standup every day at **11am UTC** on Google Meet.

Reviewer: This call is actually at 10.30am *UK time* (although now that you are working from a different TZ I'm sure we'll run into some fun soon on this..)

Author: ```suggestion
You are also welcome to join our daily standup every day at **10.30am UK Time** on Google Meet.
```
